# Overview  
Settlers of K’tah is a turn-based video board game inspired by Dr. Forney’s K’tah and the board game Settlers of Catan. This project takes inspiration from Catan Universe, the online version of Settlers of Catan. However, new features will be added and changes will be made to the original concept, and the theme of the game will revolve around zombies and survival. The game will allow for multiple players to compete with each other in order to gather resources, build up armies and defenses, and fight off a horde of zombies. This project will be built in Unity 3D.  
# Justification  
This project will utilize and reinforce the knowledge that the team learned in several different classes. Game design and game development are both vital to this project, and Maddie was introduced to these topics in two of Josh Morgan’s classes. Networking will also be important because of the multiplayer nature of the game, and while Maddie learned about this in Dondi’s networking class, this project will be a good opportunity to expand upon this knowledge. In addition, a major expansion of the project that we hope to accomplish is the addition of AI agents that a single player would be able to play against. Merissa has taken both of Dr. Forney's AI classes, and hope to apply that knowledge in this project.  
We have recruited two animation majors to work on the graphics component of Settlers of K’tah, which will allow for interdisciplinary collaboration. We believe that this project will have sufficient technical difficulty, as neither Merissa nor Maddie has ever built a project of this scale. However, by starting with a small, working version and building up to a more and more detailed game, we believe that we are able to accomplish a viable product by the end of the semester. The team has been consistently consulting with Dr. Forney about this project; we have numerous ideas on how to make it fun and exciting for everyone involved, and we are excited to carry on the legacy of K'tah.  

For more detailed documentation on Settlers of K'tah, please see [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/131RzaMB6Axxm-jkgKb02xo0WjzMo0reLNfA9lsCrQ1g/edit?usp=sharing).